Hi there, Sonar, I’ll be with you
talk about the ghost village
number 2 is the second second part of this
episodes about the ghostly village so
let's get down so I stay in the area
here is a plate from this village so we sit down
in the car and get it private
Now I will turn off the cheat code on flying
car and no matter through why i
used so so here we come to
this locality and here al al tamo levada
Alto m Malva nova single penetrated
emphasis put the suit about I read
fetish boundaries reproach order
Generally nothing mystical yet I do not see
I see that the building and people there is no one
not a single spirit anyone nearby only
trees here apparently something happened
got up or
I do not know in general I will not any garbage
carry all there type of people ran bla bla bla
blah i think this is related to which mother
the stories are probably well, I will not run nonsense
I do not know the fact is that you see
this is a rocket launcher
she herself is not suggesting if anyone is interested
he knows
so here I did not finish it probably
linked to the story about
that you drop become shorter earthquake
happened and there or some sounds there
whether the armored plane plane heard this
on here by the way she is it
trees and works tierra rubato here here
he left here like this and set
name is about it show that's what's not
I know shorter candida luck occurred
some sounds and I don't know maybe
the developers have done this honor i
I will not be there to show pictures of view
not even a protection photograph such sasha
therefore probably have to thank you all for
view subscribe to my channel
put likes commentary put my
good luck to all